docs:  introduction sections and nits (#2200)
hatchet-dev/hatchet: frontend/docs/pages/home/architecture.mdx

```mermaid
graph LR
    subgraph "External (Optional)"
        EXT[Webhooks<br/>Events]
    end

    subgraph "Your Infrastructure"
        APP[Your API, App, Service, etc.]
        W[Workers]
    end

    subgraph "Hatchet"
        API[API Server]
        ENG[Engine]
        DB[(Database)]
    end

    EXT --> API
    APP <--> API
    API --> ENG
    ENG <--> DB
    API <--> DB
    ENG <-.->|gRPC| W

    classDef userInfra fill:#e3f2fd,stroke:#1976d2,stroke-width:2px,color:#0d47a1
    classDef hatchet fill:#f1f8e9,stroke:#388e3c,stroke-width:2px,color:#1b5e20
    classDef external fill:#fff8e1,stroke:#f57c00,stroke-width:2px,color:#e65100

    class APP,W userInfra
    class API,ENG,DB hatchet
    class EXT external
```

## Core Components

### API Server

The **API & gRPC Server** serves as the primary interface for triggering workflows and managing Hatchet resources. It exposes REST endpoints and gRPC connections that your applications use to:

- **Trigger Workflows**: Start new workflow executions with input data
- **Query or Subscribe to Status**: Check workflow and task execution status

> - **Manage Resources**: Configure workflows, schedules, and settings

Reviewer: this sounds to me more like IaC or something, not sure how to reword though

- **Webhook Ingestion**: Receive and process external events

> Security is handled through multi-tenant authentication with API keys and JWT tokens, or webhook signature verification where applicable, to ensure only authentic requests are processed. The API Server also powers Hatchet's web dashboard through REST endpoints, giving you real-time visibility into your workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security is handled through multi-tenant authentication with API keys and JWTs, or webhook signature verification where applicable, to ensure only authentic requests are processed. The API Server also powers Hatchet's web dashboard through REST endpoints, giving you real-time visibility into your workflows.
```

- **Queue Management**: Sophisticated priority, rate limiting, and fairness algorithms
- **Flow Control**: Enforces concurrency limits, rate limits, and routing rules
- **Retry Logic**: Automatic handling of failures, timeouts, and backpressure
- **Cron Processing**: Manages scheduled workflow executions

Communication with workers are handled through bidirectional gRPC connections that enable real-time task dispatch and status updates with minimal latency and network overhead. The Engine continuously tracks task execution state and automatically handles retries, timeouts, and failure scenarios without manual intervention.

The Engine is designed to be horizontally scalable—multiple engine instances can run simultaneously, coordinating through the persistent storage layer to handle increasing workloads seamlessly.

### Workers

**Workers** are your application processes that execute the actual business logic. They establish secure, bidirectional gRPC connections to the Engine and run your functions when tasks are dispatched. Workers continuously report status updates, including task progress, logs, and results, giving you real-time visibility into execution.

> When tasks need to be cancelled, workers handle this gracefully with proper cleanup procedures. One of Hatchet's key design goals is deployment flexibility—workers can run anywhere, from containers and serverless platforms to VMs or even your local development machine. This flexibility means you can start development locally, deploy to staging in containers, and run production workloads on dedicated infrastructure without changing your worker code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When tasks need to be cancelled, workers handle this gracefully with proper cleanup procedures. One of Hatchet's key design goals is deployment flexibility — workers can run anywhere, from containers and serverless platforms to VMs or even your local development machine. This flexibility means you can start development locally, deploy to staging in containers, and run production workloads on dedicated infrastructure without changing your worker code.
```

Reviewer: separate thing - this sounds a little trivial to me, like I would _hope_ that you can run both on local and in production... 😅

You can run either homogeneous or heterogeneous workers. Homogeneous workers are a single type of worker that is used for all tasks. Heterogeneous workers are a mix of different types of workers that are used for different tasks.

> Heterogeneous workers can also be polyglot, meaning they can run multiple languages. For example, you can run a Python worker, a Go worker, and a TypeScript worker which can all be invoked from the same service application.

Reviewer: I think this is a bit overloaded too - I'd try to keep it simple with something like "Hatchet supports running workers in Go, Python, and TypeScript, and you can also trigger tasks across languages such that a task running on a Go worker can be triggered from a Python service, for example."
